---
title: Cinnamon Roll Turkeys
url: https://www.tastykake.com/blog/cinnamon-roll-turkeys
date: '2023-10-31'
author: FF SquareSpace Admin
feed_url: https://tastykake.com/blog/rss.xml
---
Get your Turkey Day rollin’ with these sweet and savory Cinnamon Roll Turkeys. This recipe combines our warm Cinnamon Rolls with maple syrup-coated bacon and rich, creamy frosting. Perfect for Thanksgiving morning or a festive occasion, your family will fall in love with this holiday treat! Prep Time: 25 minutes Cook Time: 20 minutes Serves: 6 Ingredients 1 box Tastykake Cinnamon Rolls Candy corn Candy eyes Red mini candy coated chocolates 12 strips of bacon Maple syrup Frosting ¼ cup butter ½ cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons maple syrup 3 tablespoons milk 1 ½ cups powdered sugar Follow these steps: Arrange 12 slices of bacon on a baking sheet lined with foil and drizzle ¼ cup of maple syrup on top of them. Bake in the oven according to package directions. Once bacon is fully cooked, remove from the oven and drizzle ¼ cup of maple syrup on top of them. Allow the bacon to cool for 10 minutes, then break each slice in half to make 24 total pieces. To make the frosting, melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add brown sugar and 2 tablespoons maple syrup, stir frequently until sugar is melted. Pour milk into the pan and stir frequently until it comes to a boil. Allow to cool slightly for 10 minutes. Add powdered sugar to the cooled mixture and whisk until smooth. Heat cinnamon rolls according to the instructions included on the box. Separate the 6 rolls and spread the frosting on each while they’re still warm. Create your turkey by adding candy eyes, a candy corn beak, and a mini red candy coated chocolate for the wattle. Arrange 4 pieces of bacon beneath the Cinnamon Roll to make feathers. Enjoy your sweet and savory Turkey Day treat! View More Recipes Permalink
