---
title: Kandy Kake S'mores Bars
url: https://www.tastykake.com/blog/kandy-kake-smores-bars
date: '2024-06-27'
author: FF SquareSpace Admin
feed_url: https://tastykake.com/blog/rss.xml
---
These Kandy Kake S’mores Bars are a nostalgic campfire treat with a Tastykake twist! Kick off 4th of July with a graham cracker crust filled with creamy peanut butter, melty marshmallows, and delicious Kandy Kakes. This fun recipe is perfect to enjoy with family while watching a fireworks show! Prep Time: 20 minutes Cook Time: 30 minutes Serves: 12 Ingredients 1 box Tastykake Kandy Kakes ½ cup butter (room temperature) ½ cup granulated sugar ¼ cup brown sugar 1 large egg 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 ¼ cups flour 1 teaspoon baking powder ½ teaspoon salt 7 graham crackers (finely crushed) ½ cup creamy peanut butter 3 cups mini marshmallows ⅔ cup milk chocolate chips Follow these steps: Let’s mix it up! In a mixing bowl, combine butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar, egg and vanilla together. Next, toss in the other dry ingredients. Mix in flour, baking powder, and salt. Re-mix! Bring it all together by adding in your finely crushed graham crackers. Preheat oven to 350º F. Line a baking dish with parchment paper. Time to get hands-on! Press half of the mixture into the baking dish. This will be our top layer. Use the parchment paper to lift the mixture from the baking dish and set aside. Line the baking dish with a new piece of parchment paper and press in the rest of the mixture. Warm the peanut butter in a microwave safe dish for 30 seconds, then spread an even layer on the mixture in the dish. Tastykake time! Place Kandy Kakes on top of the peanut butter layer. Sprinkle chocolate chips and marshmallows on top of the Kandy Kakes. Seal the bars by pressing on the top layer of mixture. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Slice and serve this gooey and delicious 4th of July treat! View More Recipes Permalink
